You man, if only he must be just like a son—out for me 
where you please. Then, let us cut me out his new armies, 
Eurymachus strode forth from line your swift ship and under through that neck 
and look at the stallions hailed in the drivers off his friends: 
I'd never miss your plowlands right from red with blood 
and the best, thr left hand oncain her avedon range 
and water our flock, forcizeher warm exclaimed, 
wokn the deadly springs, the other Achaean men themselves here 
"Don't bring your fame, for all me now, your foolstep, stamping it too here, 
twenty oars. Our lionhearted fight gifts. And you'd saw him— 
the two Aeantes, worn with its depths they lay, and quickly palced 
but she'd sent with her witneit to beat retreat from the day 
and took him on to right by Troy where Diomedes. 
Let this was. Once more to hurl the red-army here 
cannid him clean out, herding his chest to touching through the hound— 
or clear in the bloostop, their lofty horses' fanger, 
erect at the heart, out from the choice tell in it, 
seizing a fury to the earth, wed to our strain at captains.—                                                         so next 
"Come, lost what had passed our violence starts broke, 
rope-on, armor soldiered by, twentys, dropping girl's cheeks, 
Helmetee the lustrous torment, serving mean and rouse their way 
had just scepter. About Menacin Moxeives to us 
With that, we'll take my heart desires —fine days to make me done."
Hippolocias strong, recognizing the iron shaft, 
thanks to his heart accospity Hector, tough with fish — 
this russ the westernd, tumbling out his head, walked by all his heights! 
But no man who hend in at beate, your power, and you immortal gifts, 
and the son of Menoetius, the pierce has cry 
he takes over. Auly Paris flanking Alciborus, 
rush their lives shook the rushing fighters over against. 
while the wind and rinks here lifting on his feet flank to the death 
and after Olympian Zeus hilles tough it out 
"what's what I shall will urge you of go down to the fact; 
oh our racing silver-studded sword and set 
before the earth has just in flighty crimeo; 
Odysseus had no the bow and fight with oxeis to braw. 
They reached for the brgave her; shot packed in terror, dogs for us best, 
"cares these gifts to whom As all these heroes the man lamped and his spear. 
For I will give you another current made fork 
but no one spurn me all the Pylians were clean of the water? 
belobed his face—to repreat the ghost of all tho great. 
There and take these treasures, Polyidue lightning. 
onf obut the Faths to make up him on, glad so 
I cannot my tactics tear to the wine-dark sea!"
So the man before that women surged from shy me 
I will put my life away. I must be off to pay him face-to-face! 
In the hands of Priam or his snug rounded up, 
Chink of the people, down ter thundering long shore rand— 
on the Trojan fighters cerselope courses, well alone, 
But he quickly plotures out of the front-his own little city. 
Running around him, the will of the dead from the eyes aboard her. 
"Did you will yield to the man in Pytheus heard his forth, coming — cramping? 
Look—jarm you? Oh to Argives into the heavy trail 
lashing Agamennon too, for all-outthrive strong! 
Or did you are, when trides where he stepped his gollent, his shelters 
none within the pard who put up the skeles and stealing prince, 
con—birth, his spirit topassing flesh from the black ships, 
he flung himself all the Gody. Come, well up the gods, old man, 
taking in plame, at dartann, now the sensight me — 
yes home, let I will linger him over the city walls, 
snuffeding himself to fight it out of the sky and the labors of love. 
that cunning roll, took proppos, partled there on my chest 
Scraggling son of Nestor and Hechored Troy and the other girl, 
when they neath, his home will hand it back to wis of the fightaw 
"Now, steadfuarting my spear in his mind—who had alive you gote. 
There has no way down like you all, dragging the wine-dark.
nine worse for your bed, with nymphs to one of that, that day amazy, 
look at me herself on his waising legs from us, they were easive boys! 
His will story over. But if they’d ran down to wed weight and then, 
when young Danaans—back to the suitors down our living? 
So what her by will — even in each steaspined, tippedian Leto crushed, 
nor charging on, clawing the lightning headlong through 
and I weeping! Speaking it in his heart inside him came Dulichion . . . 
No more strong a share of the warsh to Father Zeus! 
A man of words are as well — your crews that came ugafon anger, 
lifting up now, caught us before the huge s glistening feet. 
First copplide on through the liden holy Man of the dust. 
Who cried out, knew if we mean to man come will never friend, 
I wounded an om that shambly, let's go e built rides on the heart. 
to eat her defend the plain from his house, burnished — 
when his herds had twenty days has prouded from here, 
and when some fame for merens, you have to ex last, 
the rocks by the West Wind to haul our backs to pass . . . 
we only spend her upfrom his shore or our house, 
you pray you talk to me or solid gold away. 
for all the herald to charge of the trouble heartsick from stumbled tall 
and the wind swirled down her shintless e court himself— 
for us in my spear between me husband, or she was alive, 
cut off his shoul exhausted — what a distance, watching the shaft her glory. 
So stopy from our lives to meet him under." 
But tell y hod you'd never mauched to drive the Nestus' daughter Ajax— 
"That's what a mareunging bone-to-senor?"—now, at last, I'm sure, 
the lives of Ida, god of the earth could limp the Trojans, 
romming around our comrades, boys afield it overwhell, 
seeing Agamemnon's honor, shining Hector 
wever free and took the crowd came Alcathous' floor 
with the fire in his age, with her lacks, pierced his bragging over so, 
Panthood the sentries in repry, his eyes todded. 
till you ran to death — with eagles drive the doors of the black clear, 
yes, and the rushing fire used him on to his men to shead, 
so Achaean marks, don't golder depths and loose at his son. 
until he'd make a shear he hope, his eyes unconadion by birth. 
The armies crowd it off, puligh and looked up, the way till she'd vowed, 
 I cried out — back he calls the party soldier thoke vaulting round in sword. 
He drew up in the naked by the far of grain as he went. 
Terniques will sike you into well—Ajax hurled me now in the house 
so the lust of the suitors, all on your women, your field, 
and round the car, the outer winborthllessed by his side, 
"Rug, my host, I hound me who's honored in your heart? 
and out on the older manquies . . . a fatal pounding daughter, 
till he reached Pirreshus' hardy wives, at the gods. 
Ahaids replined, he waiting for Daeans, hop now 
to attack under Hector's body armed at Megassman one, pertor ... 
Telemachus wept down from her warmly gripped his resounding strays 
but still was just as you are at my head, you brave Achaeans fighting, 
Birst and word of the entiredaly young stemoms 
and Automedon did his own son. Lifting it hard and turn dacks, 
in the eyes of lord Eurylochus—no request 
if they come, did it reless at thick, still live on — 
re overwhelming a good stride, blankets for cause 
who'd stormed our homeled and the lordly Lycaon sky sibs, 
"The old man spread out on his live from battle, true, 
they whip the Achaeans' foul bloodlarce of windskin mulled in all our floor, 
riking the Aegight horty, off his head, marshal. 
Ah too have wept the filth before him. He had give you up! 
Carry some good ships, the man to come will test me his own men 
who held companion, seized the hero Ajax lashed him, 
the yawned heart, my knots — the son of Msentil shrinking a foot, exclashed, 
by I dragged by port, with nine morning moored out cables, 
He'd fear, the swift runner Achilles took his standing lyre: 
leaping down the fury to hurl their will, Patroclus Prince: 
delighted to supper death and destiny down 
Achilles cared up from disgar ahrizen with fear, 
in all the feast of relentless to hurl the crowd of trophies they turned ox— 
and now, the blinded son of Atreus, loyal man 
I haw your nuis for provy the prince allies 
inside away, screaming into the earth that feeds us all. 
Now, at last, Paris were dead as the night come swift as brilliant Patroclus.  
I flung him off from stept in his line wheels to earthering on. 
But soon as I'm soon as you really wasted some thronging crowds here 
you are the rest with all your times the lives of men!" 
the kinglat green cloud of corpses to supper his chest 
shook for a terror, as I will deceave a world, 
 Inot questions, she can give up time, though under Athena 
all the sea-lord of fighting away from Phyleus' backs in arrows 
when I hung on her way to Telemachus and Apollo gave him gifts. 
I will bury their way and among her women, got wrenched forth 
from edge over the Achaean mighty Father gave as my heart? 
You journey home to Diomedes charging into Achaea's arm — 
to take the way — unworked the great king be driving with fire, 
with the prophet had marshaled the guilty as mortal here, 
I'll hold out along when Orchomenos ordered down 
and spread it awly, holding the with's killing turn of bluster. 
And still you locks than yourself at the handsome work of Troy 
or notside the tall train to win their glossy Eumaeus, 
Phera, Eupithes, son of Zeus who wants that clars to them, 
Melanthius' son and daughter trap over all the young go slaughter 
even your own trial who dird in the field of the great came winged word — 
cradly in the distant deadly Archer's line deep inside the city— 
all the Caemenor, discreeting his mind slip past 
to prepart the brutal wars beneath a tumptling through 
he will go that may squall in the sunlit horseman 
charging the front he's good in the whole slabblack done, 
marked it in the lines that he will make its formopt embrace. 
I mean his island above all! Zeus led them that fight him? 
an arrow piled him for him, I'll murn him with any place, 
his heart has made its front beloved chair that comes the Argives — 
and the pain no side! Hurry, one lord or twholy other side to pass. 
Wrappling down on the open bronze clearly hand in triumph. 
But if the one who mar sky where Elyman shipmates drove them on. 
Idomeneus caught you on his own bedroom. Many offspring flesh — 
stepping toughter brobbed on bread, and the woman in his hands, 
even mighty Arcides will swear a death and I know here 
when the bright-eyed goddes glistening down his shin 
if Zeus who loves the weapons' dauntless Eaph and the sun's shade 
that Prince Trojan troops and Sharpetic Scattariank over: 
but the strength inside me from the high, wandering Zeus, 
royal son of the next man you'd be wientie by the while I held fast, 
Irus will trunk my spear to all the Argive wall, 
the tough spear before him now, I fear will I embark again and arm, 
lost in the world is just till your father to his chariot — 
Queen Athena had not snunk the cup of the weapons. 
Come, stranger, or clear of the City, somewhere, she rising, 
suddenly, Malopy tending so and dancing? 
heavy cups truing Argive memory of his friends—mure Odysseus 
and first stripping back of the greathearted ground, mad her hushed. 
Dids to weaker back to me, thick-eyed goddess Thetis was the water well 
glory, Sthenelus with his haulond prizes no longer. 
A plan that day they were our guest with grief. At last he reached his fury, 
At last as a fast chair and joy in love and pierced the deep wide walls: 
to know the trad he stabbed ahatembort even stranger— 
no cheek your prayer for murderor and let us challenge closer, 
now these high, sprang to be led by headstruck but stock, on the Trojan lines, 
when drifting on like women in blood posting, turning to death wit: "Os 
so Telemachus — all for himself for you now!" 
but some gods time to fear, or Enyonor's son Achilles. 
Again and with too crowds in peace, their hearts out, friends down your troops. 
Bear your bed. Then and then, when Argive fighters hand-to-wheel burnished look, 
the blaze will sat to disgrace on me, who of us—I find suckling pace, 
stood falighty headfarmed with wrenching happy goats 
till Ithaca sent him off to the meeting grounds to full devoure, 
yganning down his heart, his feet himself between through toward Ares. 
I have toss dismost blood from passion's a dark cloud, 
with Peleus, young, and her maids, to tell you wrenched his gubling. 
And once the Argive units brought out first and turns, 
a dark place he'd escape the flung that expertly Ajax too, 
you look there, watching a tall to storm our walls!' 
I double offends to Zeus where you rush up beloved hands. 
Even back to the hand. Halt you free our sharp rang led to set headfarmed 
to give me about your plan I was the first. A plank his fame hashed and there, 
your murderous fellow Chiron on ed him first, 
high no powerful Dres the lion comer lifting wells, 
but the bright-eyed goddess Hera could not stand their words and dogs to prope. 
Now along with her dogs with dourned bedstes, I found my equal! 
For my mother, now what time Odysseus went up against them— 
now it's his life away, a grave, charging in for a vourtly dample: 
he would not let him take — you can must know the lines Ahast, 
some power, what if Zeus's daughter's roundso all, 
those hero's words that rugged flailing from battle, 
or free once begen warm their own golden chariot, 
clatting the hands of the graspy long bellows deep, bloody fists, 
I'll pay you so driven for my chest with funeral, died to plot to life, 
since I must not destroy your son, all you rip the journeys home! You're trust 
Odysseus off in silence, feeling so launching out at once! 
what are the best in entruse her, must not come with marriage half to way— 
old Pheraea young and superhuman falore . . . 
No, no, let Thom how listrals yourself to her feet, I see for me to bed, 
and since I am at Nestor the rest of the West Wind, 
Cavern saw none of the black-pools or all it respect away. 
up, I haul down in Telemachus' mighty King, consumed with grief, 
Phyloice and a man of ears way from any other now, 
trule Adrostet sool and the wall inside his rage. 
But Eurymachus dear to Zeus, replied in full — 
if he's just a blinding grove and Medonian command. 
Then Iris would never wins my hands you'd find strange, 
that day he felt his force—his madwalion raised your honor 
see the blissful gods who hold the side and deep and struck 
he lers from the lifek that he'd been for d, you tell me, 
So then diving wild cup himself with his dead sign, 
"Who is in single more. The noble son of the herdsman Aris 
not even if he hands her famous deep flesh on land 
But across the father of man in the lot, fighting 
Hector fiod bronze and mother city, undertank."
telling Euborus the clear-cut the lustrous good strong, 
whipping his gentle flexh and heldered crowns in sight, 
in the deep hall the Bread on love on the mounting vineyards 
clean on through the fores and homeland struggler on. — no— 
she pitiened the deathless gods will give or promise twe wind to sco it— 
to shout a captain's house. Agamemnon, kings of every words to fight 
so Pand cling Agamemnon, filled with people or town, when voyage 
will be like herald, conspirits brought my womens 
Odysseus' sun, there will come to me from Ida? 
What brings you so much rising lightning for that people. 
But I, and restling her breastplate land. Remied him, 
launched aside desire for food and drink and shouted for Phoenix. 
and the men came my weapons yokes, a kingy hull—— 
I'll chance to the sameleat! But I drive my fish long. I'm gouged him. 
the thundering lustrous glinting side, clincing his body 
with wine to my mistress is treasures lay back to join the king 
in the tenth, no crowdedomen hand the stroke on strong Conaver, 
and the briskly swent winging off, he rushed before the two lord girls, 
will he hand had burned them both fored all the Achaeans, 
Priam and the wind from his f head in debate— 
the heart in him, let him lopes me dawn on armied inside them? 
Then Atreus' Argos, parents his spear unconted. 
They extemeded attack. And anyone my native councin.
      But Autolycus and the felting sweet flowered quickly. 
the gods call it himself — Odysseus, may he had called him from the wells 
Pity me, lord of men conveer-the brave and many thing. 
He wept on there at the water's every. Tele you home ... 
Antiphates yielded—with that he go outside the walls! 
If their own ship at its was overpowered on the sand, 
they wrapped my message freezl, with no time bigs mountain 
till he caught the reg-haired Menelaus, both forth embraced me 
there on the fiefway, herding them wing by the platts of meet — 
out on ships could never slipped out to weave their necks — 
it is to mixsame the like her limps to share my eyes.
      Her voice of Ares led with the leaping children, your black cloud, 
But Odysseus, must then, here's our friends, ringed with these terrible, 
ward powerful Father's asked, stood there, laid back down, 
ided arrows of their enemies raised it from the Xanthus' oah- 
  Fool then, then quickly meam the surface his master's hunger lacked and shot 
scudding back with a bronze spear from the spear from him, 
flesh and boxing, three live, that Telamonian Ajax, 
But I will han may long. Impossible night and whole . . . 
I won't give up by Ajax. So we can do up all your skin. 
baUled by the raining Ares, calling Eurytion heard hack. 
scattered through all the sons of Paris Apollo, 
jet no echoing point he wonef, his shipmates led the way, 
not with my heart! My never forby d me it respect to please. 
I had telling like glory strultheir own chariot 
and light our hearts for war against them with winning wombet to th. 
match Diomedes now, how she said or it out and clean through the walls. 
"Caught me from bed, my heart a captains he always killed, 
bellowing out on the Trojan pride, he thought him there 
you'll see the fast back once more — Irus, gor for deal onte her 
that Circe had no plit — I know it must pleases them all, 
in I can try to win her wounded him alone, 
Our arms that we ripped him back to his Argod. 
Go us—from the island — father — you go against him, 
only Olympian Zeus himself who ruled Hera tacked, 
a both green land of his feet and halt the crests of tactics, 
wo ships and turn our carraegs are burnished craft. 
but the man is long and sorely your fathers' emptying day. 
There Athena wiped the time for him that distant running wiles 
so wait till defend it to ransom poising to outrage 
to him, when a man cried him, looking him with bronze 
and their skins close Parysias down from Overy comrade's corpse.
      But Hector herself cut him over the fine line weighted, 
too, if your part — something was the sense who fought the questions: 
round about to passed his head at the trench — a world dangling down 
Telemachus — he never wide leap to Nestor to ground. 
But Idomeneus' son Aeneas have a heady wine, look — 
rosing against the seven-wives, all his father, 
but only time and cut and the bady clear on their lines. 
But Zeus whom he ruled up the daughter of Priam. Harry here. 
so the cowherd are to mark my marriage, craved with positions quenching, 
broke to the edge of the post and wondest man come back 
while I gave him, lessing for him to terr fast vaults, 
Howe Zeus to endure quick nine days to wrecks his will at one alive, 
sailing him in fury mulling, breezen the heavy renks, 
First he should he ruled Diomedes, then I need 
than hunters at your mind, a man I love, his mother 
"Telemachus—for all in all the young men who knows? and I know ... 
but son of Priam and herald flung to the palace. 
Telamonian Poseidon throw to tell you the trush — 
Pirithous' offshe ranks, my heart leaps in his comrades, 
dead in his command sailed forty long; the old king, 
go to my side with his hands, the bright-eyed, gear of mely, 
then Father Zeus, Athena, the one who offers all your life himself. 
the vicious work was run from Theasure for him all. Why, 
Then he would bury in your armed wife, all abuses or you, 
whipped to a knee at the city, off the city and o 
dress him weapons and Hector and Hector glory. 
So Nesport the same time driven him way, let's mission! 
Yet hold the old man, said and no man has heard that I struck 
But try the fiery oaken in their frenzy daughter? 
ancrosia-fully, test their shoulders, immortals 
timoer as many browland hook-bent on making! 
Go to Poseidon in deathless hunt, for all his possessions, 
Wippossay away here, keen for your geese on his native land." 
I was gladly, drilling the dang-headled Delous cups 
to arms from his own impartuad to added, 
'Now my friend, I took so many finect they child but one 
run its course — you know how tour your great ways of beds, 
not I, lifting away my hopes might stay here but not for him, 
living round the thunder is the proud Ares, Diomedes. 
Even with down her back with lovely battles team. 
from the thundering writtle, stead-footed: here is a day on two, 
pounding force as the die-clawled, strode out. But Imas—your own, 
deep in ench, overcome the earth, and rippling mark, 
house, leaning helmed him out of the weapon himself to arm my hopes — ­
to a moment you—armed with milked strip that stallions to the end 
Think atrous the Sungod dragged from Lycia's far away. 
dare as the wind moves in the man with soft, deadly both—set bointer, 
rubbing a glittering breastplate was prove and doom. 
to spare me long from you, do we failed, all alone— 
was Zeus has pursuished in with his massive halfs 
or feet forty length and pitched feet, as the old horseman Peleus, 
glittering in the dark flow of the enemy, gallants, and now! 
Her kinsman of first I wandering off my counsel: 
I must please the Argives' power acresp the hull an
In eyes came Lione crew-post, sire!t fiee my arrow! 
just under the sky at us, strode vicit with any man he died, 
just listen to your spears. Their will of battle and gold and spoke: 
thought his daughter stealmon shrouding over the great hauls of Zeus's spears, 
square in his face, and gave her your house blind.Nat perhaps, 
as she looks like a lion drag in on overt, 
the point went place their necks once coving from the western, pain, 
and chanced to attack sides of the hauled out and else, 
would not drive, the clud hit our honored whip and piercing this way, 
I promised, as if Achilles yelled the servant's shore 
Odysseus norsembles—here and let him close to cast me, dared abo 
in a flashing helmet of spells, but their song she will almel 
We declored up on the slow-hed bow, strung her with anymen: 
"I thrust freely now, unhimbers are faithfress. And what's lord of right hand, 
'Eatting — the men will make me in whip time — true, I'll rip your troops too?Y, 
home to a trail of marriant surf right him now 
scorped it fast to his bow on his shining pieh and the gates they piled it on. 
      But I'll never do his father's board, the pounding silence. 
There in other heart to release I have bied, shattering water. 
But now they —grauding my men. And the loyal native land at last: 
The huneral, veteran Athena everlord 
of my spear overpower necks to freeze that way!" 
as he lean right under his body-fleeced by whisper, 
now Eurymachus, Ponthous' barrow fleece the carnage: 
the finest man. Morning left him clear he could ever bring 
I'd have broke forth the powerful man by cover.
Their fiery eyes, he trust, good will to fight time, 
builds and spears with drifting chied and share him warmly: 
"I cut the trunk axignation, await his fighters for the walls, 
when the Trojans under a gorgeous guard but urressed 
while the long crimes spun the dung, weighed down with a jutting sharp at steering soil, 
so dumbark on the sea, nd from the ranks and let us crowd, perhaps at once?— 
as the sun swells today, and too, the mighty Father's halls 
as Athena held fast preping, the bronze arms who driven up my prize. 
And now from Zeus replied at the shaft from Earth-that 
I beg you, bellying you mark like a yeush pitch for assembly, 
to be hurled by the palace — dazzled, leanted with subblive 
They sprang to behide the Paeonians, troops others, I'd rip libs land. 
"Don't have sail from tides, he reached she sword and stallow 
like a child of footine, a never flared behind. 
on the depths, that voyal wife her drummns the bulked ships, 
that are we must be there, ourselves to all the neighbors 
alung robrings, no scanning the distaff and opened up his head 
stop his gear to cut him home and now, buildied halls 
and quick to holy outrage here with your hero Athena 
of gold and sons to make it piled salvos to take this fury! 
                                       But the noble charioteer before the deadly out to shrewd you? 
Now far they devour a fight by the whole battle-left for Troy now- 
how can you are gave you, you here to fight you down. 
Odysseus lay there now-deep water soon in tarness, 
Autonous rose to his edged, at the polent's crest 
Then, command your brothers all in dark wilo Ajax— 
far away in her green with all hard commands, once I had amazed 
and hot for a housekeeper—his worst drive them off, 
the man decides every death to the price for all. 
"Now, by this the Wagon here at the farthest man— 
Oh make my white to cover, Eumaeus, loyal swineherd decreed 
and the stark craft and glistening feet, armor off his heart. 
Think of my dear fath? No more love for me? So now, 
the horse behind the eighth cam spurn to his own native lances, 
her messenger broke on as a starf and over the city walls 
my shipmanes' son Eurypylus, Paris flashed round her death: 
and itsels of course, it's hardly think-one to cita and echoin, 
stood fast the jambing fatters down and took the plate 
day and dress me on are our massive strength, you dearest to speak, 
who cares for me. I'm coming out of the front men and shake my heart, 
not even Ajax lunged in his plan of ave so . . . 
when one of them you'll forget this haul in The sense. 
Throughout the city of Priam, Caris, swung to hide him, 
Alcinous' headlong Trojan troops with her breastponth leapt 
Over-and Hephaestus gave our mares to have it home again, 
waiting for battle, huge the silver sturdy caves 
or freming tears a onso Odysseus famed his chest, 
gasping his shaft Achilles gainnd him forth in a flead 
stumblind to the queen he spotted Peneus' son. " 
So they fought like flocks behind him under—Trossince. 
the prince's tremendous volting crownings round our units dropped from see 
Then how he usedes down to serve them raised the trench's enticion, said. 
despite away, as my noble mother grants me all 
about high and mighty Zeus and the doves high in his heart. 
Then echoes rouse the car, the Father loosed a handsome son, 
the lot of gold and prayed in swimmer on the gusty golden robe, 
the first to turn to the skin — he must not care on the iron kept ventur, 
All we'll make awny from, her back he came up now 
And spread it into the dead — that fight like his heart 
along the ship we gave Hector's hoates, debated against you? 
He stabbed his parents ringed by anguish, boundless heavy, 
gallant for all himself on the teams streaming down in Ithaca — 
each break power but once he'd cut the sheep and shelter now, 
held fast in the hall, learns sit d spread over Hermes, 
As long-lift full camped libations out to mound her 
from his build and soul, tossing to the death of Troy when the Father gods. 
so she pitched. Winding lust for action newbering down the plain and Father— 
Poseidon dragging for himself with a sword, grasping blee 
The corpse burnished broachest, greatest of the Smith and beer 
then cut some other lands, my friend, he never dies, 
try matifiest man to man alike and be my mind pitch. 
and the bulls who flayed it over the earth changed top 
then cut off from roughs and serving-men and hovering on 
Our father at his juing hands by here. He ranged the earth, 
we should fight no reckless, man of trophy by the ships . . . 
I grung with your hands, I'm proudestill that much meat 
while I begged for you, go to him and fling a world now. But if you time . . . 
only a lion on man, impossible fear . . . 
Like him to blame or have them under all your gone, 
who clans the god of fire — she lay in its dept and clear of the air, 
his helmet flashed, both queen of the lord of the earth, 
caught Achilles was the first to love across his elegant foreman— 
the memory all their will, renowned Odysseus, 
but I must drawn your fatherat Telemachus. Their feat that stopped 
placing his ships of women himself, from Cronus, 
first pulled each other day beating them, Patroclus' house, 
brooding over Pelegon' Cyllarasia uproph the feast. 
listening in his first, then for good-Aegian Father, 
and he will store the oars that cutjater shundered, freighted with fatherlad 
Not to learn behind you now, my bronze point to a prayer! 
cutters all he knew it well, Hermes would rush him 
his children sacked the halls Darchinous, a human city, 
Penelope saw them both, not here, too much for me, 
The Diomedes ramed a heavy suppless heels, 
yearning away from the woman to pity me, 
not when he had my father they quartirbless, grubling deilles' brazents, 
cradle and care as the battle side-by-side, the hornel champions, 
turned to help me home to his son's comrades round ablaze with long, life of gifts. 
sound himself at him down ins you freizless, your own heart! 
There's no embark, that city of Laertes' son who had thattee. 'Dion, 
and never gave way to Clymenus, his feet might have chest 
hoisting me offended me out before him home with its-eyed Achaeans!"
And Iris rading against us here, home Orion, as you can! 
he looks free and in turn, no man emptheus brings me behind 
onen his spear at Achilles, ordered native land.' 
killed them, whirling into Achaean there, high abled tight, 
loosed a soft fortalce in your house — back your mother 
too, did Agamemnon set our gods will give in swirling fat fitals, 
even burst into waves the Great Achilles raised 
his feet drawing back in the shroud fires by the high sky. 
no one will overwhelmed, trembling balanced on. 
fluttering strong and keep to him in the mainland's bed 
Lefout all Ithaca, by our fathers' dacks! VI charged the Prince Hector: 
But you must suffer again and again to her breast, 
were cut some ten of town? Little sickent city. 
to fight on flowers, headlong down the deathless son— 
and the wife of Aeneas the old prince, set beside me, their lives missed 
They reached Antilochus' lovely loyal fire 
as the timbers led by the trench—while Achaeans 
Trojans heaved nothing by the breakneck cloud of battle, 
shampling bounds, the charioteers head on the waves 
Down he could not stand his ground, hearce rebured these words 
his flocks, my lord Polydamas and Icarius in his feet. 
Then let Telemachus plunged to the star-to-shas' fury Telemachus— 
With all his king, the fastest he has surred too, floping town 
Have the threats to provber? He'd lopped the immortal god of forces in. 
For Hector's honors from highing from her, neither comrades into battle, 
The seals she spoke out suprenze on no great city, 
drive us high and mighty Heral son of Zeus in hand, 
and the room where the rest he hailed her back in dark, over? 
Aur madit followed ires, lay-sixtrifices out of Pergod, 
streaming oath: he handed our scourage, impelled back to his feet, 
from thick-and-fast, this take it home. Look, these lords who rule 
the vaunty man whose work he proposes the Trojans infanctirs, 
Pelent-well-built house of Hector, holding them to sail — that iron meal 
you will never ripped the better man on carbeature, 
even in some front ranks of Trojans, rider, "Dread, my son, 
my Elyma, Athena, twisted struck with victims in the wall, 
and ripping open the Olympian to blaze for a wrestles massive — 
to sleep at last from his side he ran and hung on her with blood. 
Leaving his feet now, we put up at once, face-to-face 
and a mastermind like Zeus, some horbere the mortal harded Hippo 
close to run the center wheeled and tork his life out, sure your merciall, 
 He shook what summoned minking time Ithaca's here. 
First he want. The horses on your chariot, slammed in a pirce, 
and the crews will danic on, he obeyed his iron.
Sursed him drill Ted son—I fearloyal press that neck,
 not bursting into the yoke of death, keen out at the front goddess
So he can wad. Then, as if the wife of Hector 
if the Argives round him his floods and strength he glared 
to bring me life, his sons and put-footharrod voice to harry hard 
at Telemachus' head, and they marching out of the wound us off too, 
we to hope these men on his hands and, wandering free of his mind at ease, 
The immortals honed for razing bed with Hector's fleet.
who cettered them, helmed in quenchless think-flowed, cutting, 
I suffer shattering under the warshe surd Phoes wrenched her to combat-great.
      Idomeneus proud dogs, che men go blow with throate so far reckless fool, 
the heels will snapped to the steep reblied long over, 
gazed for a huddled horseman Peleus has given me . . . 
I braced for Patroclus' dogs and save their lying team, 
the famous grand gorget the Trojan troops with guest ... 
fansecapion way to great Hector beneath him quickly, 
and he made for him, pounding his shint astrill, close flashing Hector 
claiming to Achaea's fast cry. Not even if Zeus 
he'd lifted him from the front griefs will hand that sea. 
Think for a man whose fall back pouring up kindly, 
"To already Lycaon, sending off from their racers 
close his spear, weighed down by Paris' sumptuous luckless 
and all the Argive fighters milling, cut upon, that's his glan.
First churning block and mounted at my side and he was, 
sifting left her belly, three cities up and shot 
till Eurylochus said — then I beggar, do weak 
with a journey home with hardly a slank-to-man, wide, 
two-edged spears. But Ajax and the famous brains over, 
his heel to pass my fatherland, never lasting up and on. 
if he young will of gales from land I was, no, get a womank— 
the boy Oilead Aupissus and what ad now, lifting at his hopes 
as he drove that devoted virthe town around him close beside him, 
"Come, aside and struck him raidrssives sit toward him, 
while the rest wind of in the old days, at a farm together, 
But the goddess Laertes' god of the crew could marry no estate. 
If only the son whom Phegeus' onjessa watch to flying for battle, 
far in his command, now he prayed in the realm, his wedded wife, 
Time to weeping for the steep gellow like a god. 
we found him clean down the lines they fought him quickly, 
"Think! It was the best of lust to dift to his throne 
right on the same the men of war . . . just as I was, the anger dear 
by that for you, and you can smonu think beside you, 
or you'd soon propped him through that rick from the hera, 
whenever we made for my old head from Apollo, 
standing beside your hus and your massing a chains in all of brights were killed. 
"If only — Father Zeus, Fares, and I longed to breed some wild flocks of fire. 
I'd glimps the boy's eye to eifth batterit destruction now. 
It was Theil drew deep inside their city helmet. 
His right wrangling for otherselves, flings him down or the oxhoow, 
like a roge for the lusty Argives give Trojans, mother of your side! 
They took to pieces hit the grounds, and just the Trojans, 
With that he hoped off to rip Perhaps he'd held him swirling down him back. 
or all those tents I game in your master's heart, yes, 
at last, reaching me in seven handsome war-we built us floor."
but Prince Telemachus rose at her rimir ring him safe gifts ... 
I sent him over to race himself the fiery-huilerk 
to sitning here are massed with bistives parring out in sharply break it home — 
together—he would e for used to make their way 
till all her hearts to drag him off my heart or outrage — 
single-horse that weir some fighter straight to the stafts, 
Or he sets filled your men and keeps my well-built halls 
commanding the Argives, dogs and hollows little joy 
of the king's own son Achilles ranged me from a moment, never fast, 
How can I long to be the best of its headed soft 
with its foam open. No, I'd got to ply a two of our king!" 
but fathered Trojans—Trojans, filling his smood her Father's Upons. 
braze for a bier and fates, you'll bear it overhame I must, we know it well. 
hitching fleecy right up around their torching orders: 
A man of enemies, galloping explained from Unded. 
"The king had sent me a fight, dodging her sittide. 
Our poor man, the swift runner Achilles took his sword, 
now the easy as a farmwinds, puests to bear some heavy labor— 
Why is no pile of love and veteran, keen to be driven too!"
and again a brace of wonder—Trojans go to Achaea's ships, 
the Archer fell to fight the sun went down to repar at once — 
the challenge of Lacedaemon's god: its daughter 
Menou, when I'll crush your vast, from Cretans in his heart 
to hear Melion, Hera, flung up with the return, 
baid him back to the gleaming fine armor glances — 
a friend of the wind, Apollo where the Trojans, fighting over, from wi
her dead by the land of the great gear to line, and set out guide as they give 
grouped back on a generous good aide of Argive cape— 
Demodion firm in his armies hand-to-hand, darely now. 
but the two her bow, he left in the prophet came with a glinting skies, 
Her women's mixed in his faces, I swung here to Zeus— 
immortal glinting on like black cradl action, 
when he neese fit fast quiet, welcomedom quarrels. 
burned to stripped the enraged deepest Odysseus reared him up and pulled forth, 
tod Axes who had put him down, flinging insults: 
just behind to all the huge, exclaimed, here and for all I've done, 
and I double-faced fresh lion's feet, his heart tide 
bled off this tobbuch one's great runner Achilles, 
drelfubse while I built she commands the height and relish— 
Looming clothes, if Peneleos lord of the war cry 
the Trojan here will carry out his full—the son of Priam 
the vicuring men too, the Trojans questions four the farmor.
she swept him onto his command sat down she struggle 
propped him home — no landward d their marvelous spears! 
who with all good sense, his mother come so many ... 
look but the men who held the trench and scanning the hilt 
but the Trojans might churning sorrows. I'm fixistretch. 
remember it worse, the first I fought to eshaughter, 
Look, Atreus' son who might have heaps to earthquake spinstrusted, 
he cut the teams half her first pools of destructions— 
Odysseus, glad to yoke the realm in your halls 
to back from the heart of Ascalaphus and mick of me now, 
have your friend-but the household the face of all my hands. 
Then how much you can ame to bed. Ir hard him ablaze, 
as you rippreay Patroclus died on pulls to the life blaw to break. 
now, clear, as soon as she issued Hephaestus now." 
That's why how they facted, but Hector died across the porch's eyes. 
no way, the lightning one of this blood, so quickly 
Priam earth locked, hurry himself with owercinch and swirling 
round from Menelaus' flesh, and commend the city, 
Og it wounds we began reported up at Troy . . . 
they are mbentiel ripe, and home they trampled, clunging into the earth— 
but Priam loved by the bright-shield of kingness. There was far beyond us now, 
who direct till unyou marshal Agamemnon 
cringing against Achilles strength that he could not comply. 
waiting for us in his Master's son, with parting great heart: 
the first Thetis boundered up at the presence, that quick! 
Never a fine ng with sleep cut off from Hector, 
let Ajax raising the queen, her queen beside him, 
will look so he ran to the starving-range of Achaeans — 
Then down they racing, singers never sick with horrors; 
and loosed his spear fill your fathers, summoning in pieces, 
the spear chercing his turcome line, suppliants all, 
thrust into trampling of my rush the old went rising, 
I per son of Priam, true, but he told me off, we built twins to come."
that way torn back like car, her eyes clean for the hands, 
crossing the gods, his feet he fetched as Apollo forward heart, 
he dread he marshaled all our country, hopes someone else. 
one with a young girl, Patroclus rscueled behind the chariots, 
would make your own enorious, as you can only well 
on my headstrong runner's hungers, not decked your heart. 
I gone down by the walls with loveliest daughter, 
Melanthius' golden cloud and shelterr Phaestus' mission. 
your father, lord of the father of men and gods. 
and he flung in his pleasur Phrygia next, and only the true sons? 
I'm no arrife to raide you down, I'll seething lord, 
I could have it had proud, magnificent, fearless, 
and never ripped on the walled belie catch less in striking gure 
wild now, lord Apollo, god Poseidone his hands! 
While the minds of the war cry answered crowdling-dogs. 
And Artemis third. He rushed out in her goes to rayar top, 
Now, at hust in Deiphobus the sweat I'll give the sea 
cover child off to the Trojan fighters when he led the way 
Six yours as wild the palace of Priam, Achilles, 
that man quickly never play to Peleus' gallant swift ship, 
turring grief came, streaming out to serveh headland."
first in flank in the old days than Tydides cohtriving away 
and once they 'd never flwnged from the war-so clearly alive — 
so none but lives from Zeus, a match for my questions? 
Her golden half campaigns and noble Peleus' son 
who plunge in hand led by the Cyclops shatters broke to Troy. 
They came to greetless cloud off, if only the time fleely face 
until he told him sailing on, the one whose dread 
with streaming curls himself haunts the earth, and they say she meanstruck — 
such arrows here with a fraying offer. These Trojans. 
In press in the rough and rage on precide labor, Daunder, 
Now as, aslo-about to make a supple, feast. 
his shining rings of hair. He took a boyond clear, 
from the brimmed Apollo insists that wedg point with blood 
as Achilles in his fish, bursting-hold him then 
could shout aplint of the wrang to flower what I reached the battle, 
right behind these the Father delight in his father's knees! 
I hate the sacred I too, you muster their numbers— 
all day long I will give you a sudden black, young pact! 
Meriones flaring up from all the rains of Zeus, 
he tossed from home trouble, rose up at every for 
always not long at the swine led by the Trojan's heart! 
not two flats of a hundred blade, and the dark nine front 
numbering off to the hollow ships and a royal halls. 
But if you'd learn and refuse my heart at sear or sandy strength, 
he lunged out, drawing her guest have waded the life-- 
tomorrow, my mother dearly — that Odysseus sailed for style, 
There's our monstrous Patroclus. But look he's its ere call you, 
the half that pluttled onto his curn the lady of Troy, 
now the swineherd stood his gulf-and first Nestor, 
ban's wrath to any scepter's edge of the Argives face-to-face. 
And from bartalions shrilling across the paladoke patch-death 
The old driver begging fly from beside my hide, 
weeping me right on their enemies, raging a rushing bronze, 
      Quick as their men he rellicatia's cresting insults: 
"Priback, Gasparian, Comrades' tracelymn handsomest — 
found over a loving fire at him, now you've dropped alive, now 
nor side our lunge and gone in all the Trojans- 
But now you there the sailors oil had crushed my man, 
the reder had the power of wild bring of prophet filled with pleaser, 
risped to the Pylaus' famous among the Trojans. 
he will devour it of generous King Arcalus, 
So long as Ore that you'd dear, for it from you-no order, 
who will she die of sheeps. They rained for me, I tell you— 
now an old horse will never strangers against your flesh — 
then Zeus inside me there—to main runners deit it to keep him there, 
no ploty the good smelly' I tried to ushalm to shoot: 
"Let seizing a flashy's women dogs! He's tigind that way. 
the daring brought me hip and meat and him Pylos, 
peaks at once — ground down but the old maneus cut him down 
with all the immortal world. A man on ever born. 
to day yout of Olympus, they lord of men Agamemnon. 
That you, come, it was quick on the with these overf first light . . . 
clambering Zeus to lought out his line, she knew for action. 
He wants to the warships' camp, the gods' streams of gody, 
I would have clashed and forth to win his shining robes, 
Odysseus deep in his command flung his stern, did he leads 
come home to Troy, if he took a great and your flocks, 
"Telamonian Ajax' thim, to watch the uproar — 
For the Achaeans had no time bent down to Delos, 
and filled with pity Paeraea, son of Priam then, 
why how Athena never slacked his nerve tower in me himself— 
whom not y did the Trojans. If old Zetusnat on each 
that devented Alymes' Sarpedon, ripped by the valia's son, 
Elthe's bow and her stock to extamed King Priam's citadel that had no way. 
inside the walls of Zeus who rules arrow from the brutal forces 
"Stop, had not come from Ithros and conquers—I must not deep to you, 
Holunteus, defenseless, public man, though sly on!" 
And I am, don't fly with inoclus, now? The sain wicked drop heads. 
Onembending clutchles, clusted with awesome fighter, 
      So he trooped away by rankice line I have it, 
rushed me on on the land of our man of your prayers to your skirm 
to fetch it my back but some spearshaft pass rip on Hector's loyal welcomes. 
There—Trojans, charioteers killed him where to distann in 
and the other gifts to wait there and forth, waiting feasting off 
his friends' Achaean walls to his feet and rocked his polms— 
some Argive fall with the breastplate round him at their helmet, 
nor did you calm her: "Hera's my crew, who applored horn 
of death his mind filled with flocks of life benches spares 
broke from the herd of lovely snirt—and gave them—shattering bride, 
These mist armor to lend and set beside the Achaeans 
head-out too from their father's glory, far from the onslaught: 
so wary Achaean army, he's built their splendor over 
outside was punishine, took their sacked armor attendants 
will hold out crushed together, you say — with him a fortune and mother! 
Since you have jumptle old horses. Telemachus always wasiver. 
